programme.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: SERPL 2019 - Programme
---

Rooms:
  - Workshop: RV 2201
  - Quiet Room: RV 2501
  - Lunch: GCC Rooftop (take elevator 1)

SERPL Programme on May 11, 2019:

- 8:30 - 9:15 : Registration and Snacks
- 9:15 - 9:25 : Opening Remarks from the Dean of the School of Computer and Cyber Sciences, Alex Schwarzmann
- 9:30 - 10:30 : (Keynote) ["Metaprogramming Haskell, The Racket Way"](includes/abstracts/Alexis-King.html), [Alexis King](https://lexi-lambda.github.io/resume.html)       
- 10:35 - 11:05 : ["On Optimally Combining Static and Dynamic Analyses For Intensional Program Properties"](includes/abstracts/Ravi-Mangal.pdf), Ravi Mangal
- 11:10 - 11:40 : ["Semantic-Aware Synchronization Determinism and Beyond"](includes/abstracts/Qi-Zhao.pdf), Qi Zhao
- 11:45 - 12:20 : ["Structural Equivalence in Reversible Calculus of Communicating Systems"](includes/abstracts/Clement-Aubert.pdf), Clément Aubert
- 12:30 - 13:25 : Lunch on the rooftop of the GCC
- 13:30 - 14:00 : ["Escaping the Clone Zone: Java Runtime-Managed Snapshots Current and Future Work"](includes/abstracts/Matt-Davis.pdf), Matt Davis
- 14:05 - 14:35 : ["On the Internal and External View of Graded Linear Logic"](includes/abstracts/Preston-Keel.pdf), Preston Keel
- 14:40 - 15:10 : ["The Granule Project"](includes/abstracts/Harley-Eades.pdf), Harley Eades
- 15:10 - 15:40 : Break
- 15:40 - 16:10 : ["Language-Level Support for Co-Creative Programming"](includes/abstracts/Chris-Martens.pdf), Chris Martens
- 16:15 - 16:45 : ["Understanding Database Usage in PHP Systems: Current and Future Work"](includes/abstracts/Mark-Hills.pdf), Mark Hills
- 16:45 - ???? : Gather a group for dinner

Commit message:

Editing the programme page, to add the slides.

programme.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: SERPL 2019 - Programme
---

Rooms:
  - Workshop: RV 2201
  - Quiet Room: RV 2501
  - Lunch: GCC Rooftop (take elevator 1)

SERPL Programme on May 11, 2019:

- 8:30 - 9:15 : Registration and Snacks
- 9:15 - 9:25 : Opening Remarks from the Dean of the School of Computer and Cyber Sciences, Alex Schwarzmann
- 9:30 - 10:30 : (Keynote) "Metaprogramming Haskell, The Racket Way", [Alexis King](https://lexi-lambda.github.io/resume.html)
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Alexis-King.html)

- 10:35 - 11:05 : "On Optimally Combining Static and Dynamic Analyses For Intensional Program Properties", Ravi Mangal
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Ravi-Mangal.pdf), [Slides](includes/slides/Ravi-Mangal.pdf)
    
- 11:10 - 11:40 : "Semantic-Aware Synchronization Determinism and Beyond", Qi Zhao
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Qi-Zhao.pdf)

- 11:45 - 12:20 : "Structural Equivalence in Reversible Calculus of Communicating Systems", Clément Aubert
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Clement-Aubert.pdf), [Slides](includes/slides/Clement-Aubert.pdf)

- 12:30 - 13:25 : Lunch on the rooftop of the GCC
- 13:30 - 14:00 : "Escaping the Clone Zone: Java Runtime-Managed Snapshots Current and Future Work", Matt Davis
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Matt-Davis.pdf)

- 14:05 - 14:35 : "On the Internal and External View of Graded Linear Logic", Preston Keel
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Preston-Keel.pdf)

- 14:40 - 15:10 : "The Granule Project", Harley Eades
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Harley-Eades.pdf)

- 15:10 - 15:40 : Break
- 15:40 - 16:10 : "Language-Level Support for Co-Creative Programming", Chris Martens
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Chris-Martens.pdf)

- 16:15 - 16:45 : "Understanding Database Usage in PHP Systems: Current and Future Work", Mark Hills
    [Abstract](includes/abstracts/Mark-Hills.pdf)

- 16:45 - ???? : Gather a group for dinner
